1.Explain why selenium is important in web scraping.
ANS:
     Selenium is an automation testing framework for web applications/websites which can also control the browser to navigate the website just like a human. Selenium uses a web-driver package that can take control of the browser and mimic user-oriented actions to trigger desired events.

2.What's the difference between scraping images and scrapping websites?
  use an example to demonstrate your point.
ANS:
   Web Scraping has multiple applications across various industries. Let’s check out some of these now!

1. Price Monitoring
Web Scraping can be used by companies to scrap the product data for their products and competing products as well to see how it impacts their pricing strategies. Companies can use this data to fix the optimal pricing for their products so that they can obtain maximum revenue.

2. Market Research
Web scraping can be used for market research by companies. High-quality web scraped data obtained in large volumes can be very helpful for companies in analyzing consumer trends and understanding which direction the company should move in the future. 

3. News Monitoring
Web scraping news sites can provide detailed reports on the current news to a company. This is even more essential for companies that are frequently in the news or that depend on daily news for their day-to-day functioning. After all, news reports can make or break a company in a single day!

4. Sentiment Analysis
If companies want to understand the general sentiment for their products among their consumers, then Sentiment Analysis is a must. Companies can use web scraping to collect data from social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter as to what the general sentiment about their products is. This will help them in creating products that people desire and moving ahead of their competition.

5. Email marketing
Companies can also use Web scraping for email marketing. They can collect Email ID’s from various sites using web scraping and then send bulk promotional and marketing Emails to all the people owning these Email ID’s.

3.Explain how MongoDB indexes data.
ANS:
    MongoDB uses multikey indexes to index the content stored in arrays. If you index a field that holds an array value, MongoDB creates separate index entries for every element of the array. These multikey indexes allow queries to select documents that contain arrays by matching on element or elements of the arrays.
4.What is the significance of the SET modifier?
ANS:
    Set expressions are used to define the scope of a calculation. The central part of the set expression is the set modifier that specifies a selection. This is used to modify the user selection, or the selection in the set identifier, and the result defines a new scope for the calculation.

5.Explain the MongoDB aggregation framework.
ANS:
    The aggregation framework is a set of analytics tools within MongoDB that allows us to run various types of reports or analysis on documents in one or more collections. Based on the idea of a pipeline.

     